docs: Phase out legacy support (#5402)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/changelog/3_x.rst

This process will involve some downtime, specifically during steps 2 and 3.

**Pre-1.0 Instances**

> If you're still running pre-1.0 EdgeDB instances like 1.0-beta3, and would like
> to upgrade to 3.0, you would need a dump-restore towards version 2.x first,
> followed by another dump-restore to 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're still running pre-1.0 EdgeDB instances (e.g., 1.0-beta3) and want
to upgrade to 3.0, you would need a dump/restore to version 2.x first,
followed by another dump/restore to 3.0.
```

Also, would it be more accurate to say you need to first **upgrade** to 2.x with a dump/restore and then **upgrade** to 3.0 with a dump/restore? I'm afraid leaving out the word "upgrade" might imply you can just dump/restore without an upgrade... unless that is your intent here.

Author: Right, it should be "upgrade" ❤️

* Bugfix: update last_state after rollback (:eql:gh:`#4953`)

* Resolver GROUP BY alised column (:eql:gh:`#4946`)

Deprecations
------------

The support of version pre-1.0 binary protocol is deprecated in EdgeDB 3.0, and
will be completely dropped in EdgeDB 4.0. If you're still using a deprecated

> version of the binary protocol, or any client libraries that *only* support the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of the binary protocol or any client libraries that *only* support the
```
